---
layout: post
title: one and a half years
---

Today will be the 18 month aniversary of my joining the startup within a
research organisation known as [Red Lizard Software](http://redlizards.com/).
One notable achievement is that I have been so busy working that I have failed
to write any copy about myself on the companies Team page. This situation also
happened at my previous work place, and I still have not written my bio for the
[Yesod Contributors](http://www.yesodweb.com/page/contributors/) page. An honour
I was asked to do after submitting only one patch.

I recently rewatched [social networking for
developers](http://www.hanselman.com/blog/FoundVideoSocialNetworkingForDevelopersAndMakingYourBlogSuckLess.aspx)
so there really is no excuse for not trying to get out there and make a name for
myself. My lack of self promotion is starting to look like genetic thing. The
other day I was filling out a performance review which I felt was honest and
adequate for its purposes. It turns out my supervisor did not think so and he
came over to me with the comment "It looks like you need more practice talking
yourself up", meaning speaking honestly about the slow but accelerating progress
of our product is a bad thing. Either way I will be writing up my bios for both
Yesod and Red Lizards in the coming week and submitting them.

There are also improvements I need to make to the current site design such that
it can act as my identity online. These include
[twitter](http://twitter.com/barrkmadley) and
[github](http://github.com/barkmadley) links and some improved formatting for the
header and currently non-existent footer. The background I made through
inspiration from [digital
festival](http://designfestival.com/the-cicada-principle-and-why-it-matters-to-web-designers/)
which allows it to uniquely cover almost 57,000 pixels without repeating (not
because there is a monitor that wide, but because it is theoretically cool).

